com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$plurals
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.ConversationFragment
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$mipmap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.ConversationActivity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.ConversationSelectActivity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$xml
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_vertical
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int chronometer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_default_color_secondary_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxCornerRadiusBottomStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int wide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_notification
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView_PrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorErrorContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorPrimaryContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarDay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOutline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textFontWeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_FloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int deltaPolarAngle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_label_small_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] FragmentContainerView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_child_content_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_prepend_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$xml: int standalone_badge_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_toolbarId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_placeholderText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int BottomDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Support_CoordinatorLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_placeholder_placeholder_emptyVisibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_16
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadlineLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int position
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int reverseLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedHintEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialButtonToggleGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_dialog_actions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_back
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Translucent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_fontFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AppBarLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Text_CenterStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_pivotAnchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_verticalGap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_2_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int cropImageView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int push_pure_pic_notification_f9_275
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_rangeFillColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkMarkTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int defaultState
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabUnboundedRipple
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_transformPivotX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dpv_year
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_haloColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionViewClass
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int values
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipSurfaceColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int closeIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int navigationIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_icon_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_subtitle_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_padding_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int recyclerViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_timepicker_mode_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layoutDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipForegroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCircleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_verticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_labelBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintRight_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int round
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int bottomSheetDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_tickColorActive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxStrokeErrorColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FragmentContainerView_android_tag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_LargeComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_NavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_sheet_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int stat_sys_third_app_notify
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SignInButton_colorScheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_dither
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_dimen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_MonthNavigationButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Material3_TitleMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemShapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int default_avatar_bg_0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_standard
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int purple_200
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_337eff
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_110_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int right_img_second_src
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_maxHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline6
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_timepicker_cancel_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_transformPivotY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int nestedScrollable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_rotation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int autoSizePresetSizes
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int sure_count_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int title_bar_search_img
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int push_pure_pic_notification_f6
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableStartCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_actionTextColorAlpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int test_radiobutton_app_button_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V24_Theme_Material3_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PropertySet_visibilityMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_audio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_9
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_DayOfWeekLabel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int SelectorRadioBtn
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int uniform
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_get_from_album
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RoundTextView_corner_bottomRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_outline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_shape_large_corner_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int square
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_brightness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dayInvalidStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int default_avatar_bg_6
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_textinput_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dividerThickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialButtonOutlinedStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_padding_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_slider_thumb_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_TopRightDifferentCornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_display_large_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ClockHandView_clockHandColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_trackColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int showDelay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int list_alert_dialog_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCardView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int percentWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_fab_border_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_motionProgress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabRippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderSelection_Fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constrainedHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int error_no_permission
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_clock_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textLocale
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ClockHandView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textInputFilledStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Panel_CenterStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_android_checkMark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int autoComplete
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabUnboundedRipple
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int rectangles
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int yearStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int list_alert_dialog_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int roundPercent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAutoCompleteTextView_android_inputType
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_clock_display
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_photo_crop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_bottom_sheet_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int state_collapsible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_grey_850
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_divider_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BackTitleBar_titleText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dividerColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_14
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_7_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int selector_view_holder_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_SmallComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_variablePadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dayTodayStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemVerticalPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_dragDirection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_MonthNavigationButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int date_picker_actions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CircularProgressIndicator_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_display_small_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int flip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_translation_z_base
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$plurals: int mtrl_badge_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_body_large_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int navigation_empty_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int slide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_medium_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_rippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemRippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_star_black_48dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_viewInflaterClass
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_horizontalAlign
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapseIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_timepicker_minute
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_chainUseRtl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_android_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_dragThreshold
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int state_liftable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int rippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fabAlignmentMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customDimension
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionDurationShort1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int adjust_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fabCradleMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_grey_100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_widget_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_e9eff5
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_headerLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_maxElementsWrap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_title_small_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_TextButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Input
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int dialog_read_agree
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_highlighted_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_13_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxImageSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int perpendicularPath_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Body_Text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TitleBarView_head_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_on_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_overlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_reflow_chipgroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_LinearProgressIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constrainedWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_mtrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int autoSizeTextType
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ContactAvatarView_avatarCorner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int onShow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_fab_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int State_constraints
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_paddingTopSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_navigation_rail_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date_Header_Text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int empty_text_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_expandedHintEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_time
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Snackbar_FullWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int ghost_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tickColorInactive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_12_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int split_action_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_emphasis_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int fixed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] NavigationBarActiveIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] TabItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_showMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CardView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_title_medium_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_size_large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subtitleCentered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hintEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_OutlinedButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_118_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int bounce
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int title_bar_title_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int clockHandColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_verticalOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int waveDecay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] KeyTimeCycle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionDurationShort2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCardViewElevatedStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_selectionRequired
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialTimePickerStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int header_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int right_img_src
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_custom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_translationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_27
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCheckBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_rotationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int spread
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceBodyLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int button_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_60_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Year
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Suggestion
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int searchIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialThemeOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_title_medium_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_grey_50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int submit_area
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tickColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_label_large_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_label_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constrainedWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int conversation_select_activity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_motionTarget
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_rv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_pure_bigview_expanded
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int reverseSawtooth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_HelperText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_action_chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int iv_close
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int parent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_tab_scrollable_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_NavigationView_Item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int fragment_fade_exit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorPrimaryVariant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cardPreventCornerOverlap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_854fe2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_large_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_yearTodayStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_f24957
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Capability_queryPatterns
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int mock_diagonalsColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_android_insetLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipStrokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_checkedIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int cancel_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Panel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipMinHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int cardview_shadow_end_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int warmth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevated_dragged_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_video
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableLeftCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_no_tips
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevated_hovered_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int onTouchUp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_mute
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_title_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_28
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int nestedScrollFlags
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_chainUseRtl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_android_enabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_scaleY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dark_highlighted_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_network_error_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_waveDecay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_DifferentCornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_helperText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_ContextMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int default_avatar_bg_1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_mtrl_checked_circle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_36_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_DayNight_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int design_snackbar_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int currentState
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int badgeStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxStrokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fabCustomSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_rotation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_touchAnchorSide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_number
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int text_view_with_line_height_from_style
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_25
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int dialog_disagree
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_body_medium_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RoundTextView_corner_topRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] OnClick
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_14_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawerLayoutStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int errorTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_strike_through
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_visibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_more_black
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int wrap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int strokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int rectangle_white_reduce_bg
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_action_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] SnackbarLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabCradleMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_slider_inactive_track_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_motion_triggerOnCollision
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeInsetTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_NavigationBarView_ActiveIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int LoadingDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_title_medium_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_74_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int touchAnchorSide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_fab_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V24_Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_signin_button_text_long
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_hideMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadlineMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int pop_margin_right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int head_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_18_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int displayOptions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_minute_suffix
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int foreground_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int on
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dragEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Insets_paddingRightSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_navigationIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int ignore
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int push_pure_close
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_trackColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_translationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_motionTarget
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_halfExpandedRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_label_medium_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_large_corner_family
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_timepicker_clockface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_round
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_pivotX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_MaterialComponents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] RoundPoint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_CheckedTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_default_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_transformPivotX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int triggerReceiver
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnSurfaceInverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_translationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TabLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonIconDimen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_warmth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipMinTouchTargetSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dialog_content_ll
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int teal_700
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_horizontalGap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int m3_alert_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxCornerRadiusTopEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_fab_corner_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_moveWhenScrollAtTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip_Filter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_clockface_textview
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_dialog_positive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] SignInButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thumbRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int appbar_scrolling_view_behavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomNavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int masked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_long_1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_month_labeled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TestStyleWithLineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tvGetFromAlbum
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subheaderColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_context_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxStrokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int placeholderTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_BottomLeftDifferentCornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int keylines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnSurfaceVariant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_FE7081
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dividerInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int special_effects_controller_view_tag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int clockFaceBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Popup_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FlowLayout_itemSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int state_dragged
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_file
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int primary_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableEndCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_horizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layoutManager
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_labelStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textInputStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_textinput_timepicker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ClearableEditText_hintText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemHorizontalPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_TabLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_motionDebug
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_min_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int showMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int spinBars
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_textAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tickMark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_60cfa7
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_expandedOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int paddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int actions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_touchscreenBlocksFocus
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dragDown
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_chip_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_card_checked_layer_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int fragment_open_exit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipStartPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int barrierMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int text_view_with_line_height_from_appearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int radio_button_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int path_password_strike_through
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int test_level_drawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int create_advanced_team
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int month_navigation_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int singleSelection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_100_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int outline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int icon_only
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_animate_relativeTo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintTag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large_Secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int sizePercent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_sizePercent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_close_btn
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnClick_targetId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ScrimInsetsFrameLayout_insetForeground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int m3_alert_dialog_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int default_avatar_bg_4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_fitsSystemWindows
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int save_non_transition_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CollapsingToolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_cardForegroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_waveVariesBy
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_haloRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_DayOfWeekLabel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_navigation_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintTag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsedTitleGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_choice_chip_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_time_chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_TitleLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_cornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_strokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_Chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motion_postLayoutCollision
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_bottomInsetScrimEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_SmallComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_notification_content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_orientation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Year
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_negative
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int allowStacking
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int trackColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int conversation_fragment
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationRailView_itemMinHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customColorValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_icon_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemShapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int snackbar_action
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionDebug
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialAlertDialog_Centered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int foregroundInsidePadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int iconGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layoutDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemStrokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_short_2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ClockFaceView_clockFaceBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_bottom_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_day_of_week
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_emojiCompatEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_label_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_timepicker_dialog_buttons_margin_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayoutStates
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int StateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int right_side
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Year_Today
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_useMaterialThemeColors
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_horizontalGap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fastScrollEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIndicatorGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int auto
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_selector_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int iconStartPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int common_body_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_tabs_default_indicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSizeTopLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_25_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int transitionShapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Badge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int text_input_end_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int rightToLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_text_input_end_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int unchecked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_padding_right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_54_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_linear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_NavigationButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int menuGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int design_snackbar_out
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int closeIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_title_small_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_currentState
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_confirm
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int dialog_permission_tips
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_clock_face
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_rotationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_Slider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_OutlinedButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_bar_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int text_size_16
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int transition_position
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_MaterialComponents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int textinput_prefix_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int haloRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_notification_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_translationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_label_large_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int helperTextTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_45_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int radio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_display_large_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_constraint_referenced_ids
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DynamicColors_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_toggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_minute_text_input
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day_Today
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleCollapseMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_clock_display_divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int checkbox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_UnelevatedButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_e2e5e8
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ChipGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int filled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CircularProgressIndicator_indicatorInset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_HelperText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_path
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_foreground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int motion_base
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int extendMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_lStar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_display_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DayNight_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_TextButton_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int startIconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_calendar_header_orientation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_autoTransition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_checkedIconVisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWithTextRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_cardCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constrainedHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_insetTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Dark_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int common_body_recyclerview
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int m3_tabs_transparent_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int unlabeled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_cardBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int row_index_key
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int sawtooth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Design_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_rippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_18
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_item_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int scale
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Input_Icon_Elevated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int list_dialog_content_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_spoof_hints
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_white
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_checkedIconEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_action_clickable_span
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialog_backgroundInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_PrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_TextField_Filled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_30_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CheckedTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int bottomNavigationStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int endIconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemActiveIndicatorStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_orientation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int scrollable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] NavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TestStyleWithLineHeightAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_padding_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorSecondaryVariant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_medium_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabPaddingBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_4_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V24_Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceLabelSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int right_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ShapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tickColorActive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int invisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_framePosition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cardForegroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionTarget
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_snackbar_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialCalendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceMediumComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_selection_frame
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Dark_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int staticPostLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_98_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_mag_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_image
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CircularProgressIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_decelerated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Subtitle1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int bottomInsetScrimEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_title_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_motionTarget
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_divider_thickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int keyPositionType
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeInsetBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_TopLeftCut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_touchAnchorId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Design_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabMaxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_navigation_item_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_rotationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_focused_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hideOnScroll
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int logo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_horizontalAlign
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_medium_2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_text_view_test_line_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_label_medium_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_1_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_toolbar_custom_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int error_color_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_dragScale
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_date_header_selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_scrollFlags
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_pressed_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_maxActionInlineWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int primary_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialRadioButton_useMaterialThemeColors
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int item2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dark_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_on_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_body_large_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_surface_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hintText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_lastVerticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_fab_border_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_verticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int wrap_content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FragmentContainerView_android_name
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_button_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_DrawerLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_cardMaxElevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialog_backgroundInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxBackgroundMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TestThemeWithLineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$xml: int standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ViewPager2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date_Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_firstVerticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_44_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_ensureMinTouchTargetSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_scaleY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_scaleY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CheckedTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_transformPivotX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_12
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_cursor_drawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionPath
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_text_view_test_line_height_override
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ThemeEnforcement_enforceTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int queryHint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int async
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int enforceTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_placeholderTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_view_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int expanded_menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_emphasis_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_motionProgress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_motion_easing_linear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_gestureInsetBottomIgnored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_android_stepSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIconEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_visibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ConstraintSet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TransCommonDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int hide_password_duration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_padding_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialTimePicker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int barLength
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TransBottomDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_rotationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_barrierMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_min_touch_target_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintCircle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int text_view_with_line_height_from_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Badge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_rotationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dpv_day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_display_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int altSrc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_slider_active_track_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int linearProgressIndicatorStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int stop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnPrimary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_verticalGap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_menu_item_action_area
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int scrimAnimationDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_triggerReceiver
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_take_photo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_animate_relativeTo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_motion_postLayoutCollision
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_transitionDisable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int m3_radiobutton_ripple
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_non_touch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ThemeEnforcement_android_textAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int mock_showDiagonals
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_nestedScrollable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_calendar_item_disabled_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputEditText_textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_menu_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_hideMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int white
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CircularProgressIndicator_ExtraSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int text_view_without_line_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipStrokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int text_size_14
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_clear_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Clock
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnSecondaryContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int cancel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_slider_inactive_track_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_motionProgress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Suggestion_Elevated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_cardUseCompatPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CardView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Overline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_11
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int useCompatPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int src_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int constraintSetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_mini
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constrainedHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int bg_shape_red_dot
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_card_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int state_lifted
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_labels_group
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_38_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int rangeFillColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_timepicker_clock_mode_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int path
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_transitionPathRotate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int state_collapsed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionEasingLinear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_ListPopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V26_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int autoSizeStepGranularity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int transitionFlags
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int showTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentPaddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int cardview_light_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int wavePeriod
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int region_heightLessThan
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_23
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int minTouchTargetSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_pivotY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_body_small_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Material3_LabelMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thumbElevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] FlowLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int root_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int androidx_core_ripple_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_23_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_end_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ShapeableImageView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorPrimary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ConstraintLayout_placeholder
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_maxElementsWrap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_slider_thumb_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_89_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int popupTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_name
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int badgeRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_pressed_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderSelection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int common_act_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorIconDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_android_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_minute_unit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int avatarCorner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_android_enabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_stroke_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemTextAppearanceActive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Motion_animate_relativeTo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hintTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_55_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxBackgroundMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_decor_view_status_guard_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int animationMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int lineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_on_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearProgressIndicator_indeterminateAnimationType
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_ElevatedButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_PopupMenu_ContextMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int design_snackbar_text_max_lines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_Dense_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_26
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Design_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int error_icon_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ClearableEditText_android_maxEms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableRightCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_value_index
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_signin_button_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int spacer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_translationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_chainUseRtl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_on_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_UnelevatedButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cardMaxElevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_subheader
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_onNegativeCross
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_verticalAlign
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int mtrl_linear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_autoHide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_wavePeriod
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int app_bar_elevation_anim_duration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$xml: int standalone_badge_gravity_top_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_OutlinedButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_header_toggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_f9b751
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int enableEdgeToEdge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int rl_root
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int trackTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollFlags
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int scopeUris
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int BottomDialogAnimation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_firstVerticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_DayTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbElevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_prefixTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customPixelDimension
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_days_of_week
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_label_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ThemeEnforcement
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialTextView_android_lineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PropertySet_layout_constraintTag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialButtonToggleGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int clear_text_end_icon_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int text_size_17
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tooltipStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int endIconMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int chain
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int touchAnchorId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mini
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_capital_off
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int errorIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int stretch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CompoundButton_Switch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int leftToRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_singleLine
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_textEndPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customStringValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_size_small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int toolbarSurfaceStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_topInsetScrimEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int pop_text_margin_right_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_YearNavigationButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int llGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorError
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int crossfade
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_body_small_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int src_over
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCornerRadiusBottomStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionInterpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_body_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int endIconCheckable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int borderWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ImageFilterView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TimePicker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableTopCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int spread_inside
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int arc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_NavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_chip_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int group_divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int fl_avatar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int conversation_network_error_tip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_staggered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_chip_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipIconEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_top_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout_behavior_overlapTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentPaddingRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_clock_period_toggle_land
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_hideable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Filter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_scaleX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int m3_btn_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_hour_unit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FlowLayout_lineSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialTextAppearance_android_letterSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_view_invisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CustomAttribute
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Snackbar_FullWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int limitBoundsTo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Chip_Assist
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int circleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_display_medium_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconVisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dragStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_appbar_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int cancel_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int voiceIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnSecondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Day_Selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_FloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int lineSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_visibilityMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_percentWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_PopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tvTakePhoto
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int trans_corner_bottom_dialog_bg
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxCornerRadiusTopStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int trackHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeTextType
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int BOTTOM_END
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_label_small_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemStrokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_main_pane
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_time_input
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_textColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int showAsAction
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int useMaterialThemeColors
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_extended_fab_start_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_number_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Badge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int textinput_helper_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxActionInlineWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_timepicker_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialAlertDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int showPaths
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int animate_relativeTo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_timepicker_ok_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int error_color_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_title_small_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemShapeInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_avatar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_contentScrim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int shortcut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceBody1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerSizeTopLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int message
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] SwitchMaterial
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customPixelDimension
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_textfield_label_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int yearTodayStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int tooltip_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_120_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_verticalOffsetWithText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxAcceleration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int common_crop_image_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_android_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_drawPath
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int waveShape
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizePresetSizes
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CardView_Filled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int month_grid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PropertySet_android_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] OnSwipe
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Badge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int cardview_default_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int closeIconVisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_hand_stroke_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomSheet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_search_black
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_textColorHint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int logoDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_translationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_padding_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_navigation_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int text_input_error_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int counterMaxLength
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_out
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxStrokeErrorColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_verticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_icon_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int coordinatorLayoutStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_trackThickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int test_checkbox_app_button_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionScene_layoutDuringTransition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_DisplaySmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_CompactMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int loading_dialog_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Slider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline5
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int startIconCheckable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ExtendedFloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_clipToPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceSubtitle1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int View_theme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dropdown_menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int m3_tabs_line_indicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip_Choice
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_scaleX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Subtitle2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderToggleButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foregroundGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_focused_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int inward
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int selectionRequired
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int design_navigation_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int line_divide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int snackbarTextViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int month_navigation_previous
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int push_pure_pic_notification_f9
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_label_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_unread_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_inset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motion_triggerOnCollision
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int barrierDirection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ForegroundLinearLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_location
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderToggleButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int helperTextEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Input_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Insets_paddingTopSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int create_advanced_team_success
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_roundPercent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int decor_content_parent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int googleg_disabled_color_18
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int item1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_NavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int time_format_y_m_d_h_m
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialToolbar_subtitleCentered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_error_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_21_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_card_dragged_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_wear_update_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialDividerStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hintTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_cardPreventCornerOverlap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_10_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int fab_transformation_sheet_behavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$xml: int standalone_badge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RoundPoint_ringWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceDisplayMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_0c000050
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Picker_Date_Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_ElevatedButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Panel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_editor_absoluteY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_fab_image_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_hint_foreground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialDivider_Heavy
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_positive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int standard
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_label_large_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Icon_CenterStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_android_valueFrom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerSizeBottomLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentPaddingLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ChipGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int radio_button_selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemMaxLines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int parent_matrix
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargeStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int date_picker_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_clock_hand
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int fastscroll_minimum_range
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_Alert_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatEmojiHelper
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_LargeTouch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Assist_Elevated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_iconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_drawPath
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_trackHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemStrokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollEffect
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_LabelLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dragScale
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_timepicker_modebutton_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_TitleSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderSelection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int default_avatar_bg_3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_dither
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialButtonToggleGroupStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_orientation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMaxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_DisplayLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_checkedChip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar_include
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_popupmenu_overlay_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] KeyPosition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constrainedWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Test_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day_Selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbStrokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int time_format_m_d_h_m
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int viewInflaterClass
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int mtrl_linear_out_slow_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_56_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_hideOnScroll
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_large_touch_target
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int fragment_close_enter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_LinearProgressIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int edit_query
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_track_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int placeholder_emptyVisibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_src_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_dividerThickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int deriveConstraintsFrom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int number
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MockView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_translationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_surface_stroke
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_helper_text_default_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_outline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_star_big
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int appcompat_dialog_background_inset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_HelperText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_star_small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CircularProgressIndicator_ExtraSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_track_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_design_radiobutton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_TextInputLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int elevationOverlayAccentColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DynamicColors_DayNight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_collapseMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_timepicker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_decor_view_status_guard
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorSurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamilyTopRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int startVertical
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int parentPanel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_badgeWidePadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CircularProgressIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int fragment_open_enter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int decelerateAndComplete
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dark_hint_foreground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int button_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TitleBarView_right_img_src
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int easeInOut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_trackColorActive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foreground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_rotationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_badge_vertical_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_timepicker_button_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_button_foreground_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_19_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline6
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_clock_period_toggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionTelltales_telltales_velocityMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_useCompatPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_default_color_primary_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int endIconContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_textStartPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int multiply
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MotionScene
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int clear_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int choice_dialog_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_rotation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoShrink
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkMarkCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int conversation_view_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int transitionEasing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_cccccc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_background_emphasis_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_clear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PropertySet_android_visibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fabAnimationMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceLargeComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int autoTransition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionHelper_onShow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int zero_corner_chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_body_small_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIconVisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_maxHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int mock_labelColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int visible_removing_fragment_view_tag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_transitionEasing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MotionHelper
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int indicatorInset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int indicatorColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_item_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_FixedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] KeyCycle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fabSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int editTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_slider_thumb_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int design_bottom_sheet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_disabled_translation_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int waveVariesBy
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hideMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialog_backgroundInsetTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_variablePadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_curveFit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int title_bar_more_img
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] KeyAttribute
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TabLayout_OnSurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int cancel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int enforceMaterialTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_selector_cb
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline6
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorPrimaryInverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_halo_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Dialog_Flush
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxLines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_short_1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_editor_absoluteX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$xml: int standalone_badge_gravity_bottom_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintCircle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ViewPager2_android_orientation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ClockFaceView_clockNumberTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int cardview_compat_inset_shadow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_NavigationButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_body_small_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_actions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_shape_medium_corner_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomAppBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_timepicker_edit_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int common_crop_image_activity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceTitleLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hour
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_triggerSlack
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_text_input_start_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int corner_topRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_scrim_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_LabelMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_16_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_tickColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Capability
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAllCaps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int empty_view_holder_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int onHide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int view_tree_lifecycle_owner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_constraintSet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_curveFit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int aligned
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSecondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cardBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int m3_chip_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconCheckable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int background_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationRailView_headerLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int goIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionTelltales_telltales_tailScale
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int staticLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_cursor_inset_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxVelocity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_badge_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int pathRelative
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int emui_color_gray_1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TestThemeWithLineHeightDisabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollInterpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_pathMotionArc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorSecondaryContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_maxVelocity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_insetRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int anim_exit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int BOTTOM_START
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_fromId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int message_brief_custom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialTextView_lineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int liftOnScroll
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_rippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int title_template
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawPath
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipMinTouchTargetSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_verticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButtonToggleGroup_singleSelection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int scrollView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_05_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_ensureMinTouchTargetSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_badge_with_text_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_toId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int badgeTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int common_bottom_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_large_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomNavigationView_ActiveIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_button_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionScene_defaultDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int srcCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int m3_selection_control_ripple
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int checked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_primary_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_liftable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputEditText_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int paddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int autoSizeMinTextSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int percentX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_horizontalOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int rounded
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_115_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_name_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int line1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int custom_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_chip_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabPaddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tooltipForegroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int textinput_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_mtrl_calendar_day_cornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_medium_corner_family
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_TextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_orientation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_52_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_active_item_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int test_radiobutton_android_button_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int team_view_holder_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_horizontalAlign
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_hour_suffix
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int parallax
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] DrawerLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int asConfigured
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int chip_group
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int progress_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int triggerSlack
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_textinput_default_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int confirm
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_103_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int verticalOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dialog_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_FixedSize_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int cut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_image
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_label_small_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CircularProgressIndicator_indicatorDirectionCircular
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIndicatorFullWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SignInButton_scopeUris
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_tabs_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_CollapsingToolbar_Expanded
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_android_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int password_toggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ProgressIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] TabLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int showText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_hint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_accessibility_heading
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int head_img_visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int line_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int path_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int material_motion_path
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int month_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_suffixTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarYearNavigationButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V24_Theme_Material3_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialAlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionDurationMedium2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_DayNight_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int config_tooltipAnimTime
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int tooltip_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cardViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int minSeparation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_HeadlineSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_hideAnimationBehavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_button_background_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int closeIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Assist
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_checked_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_transformPivotY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_chipSpacingVertical
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int progress_circular
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_channel_name
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_horizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int test_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int defaultDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int default_activity_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline5
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_backgroundTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Dialog_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DynamicColors_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int track
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_display_medium_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int leftTitleText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int test_mtrl_calendar_day_selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_horizontalOffsetWithText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_dividerInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textLocale
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_display_large_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_pic_default_Content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int system_default_channel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int ok
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_trackCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int avatar_view_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int constraintSetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int errorIconDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_view_gone
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int radiobutton_themeable_attribute_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int telltales_velocityMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_curveFit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnPrimaryContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_horizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_exit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundOverlayColorAlpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int background_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int common_title_bar_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int mock_showLabel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_item_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int liftOnScrollTargetViewId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int icon_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dark_default_color_primary_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomSheet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expanded
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_singleSelection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipSurfaceColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_outlined_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int push_pure_pic_notification_f8
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCalendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_label_large_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constrainedWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int showDividers
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int center
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int month_navigation_next
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_period_toggle_margin_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_box_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_maxAcceleration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_error_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_halfExpandedRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_translationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_edit_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_daySelectedStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorTertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialShape_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_reversible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_timepicker_clock_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility_off
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_emphasis_high_type
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RoundTextView_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CollapsingToolbar_Medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int submenuarrow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int cardview_dark_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_body_medium_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int submitBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_OutlinedButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_FF4FA6
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int SHOW_ALL
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerFamilyTopLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_size_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int startIconContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_extraMultilineHeightEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_invalid_range
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Snackbar_TextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_textfield_indicator_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_e6605c
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_button_outline_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_indicator_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int trackColorInactive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int cardview_default_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionTelltales_telltales_tailColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int hwpush_trans_activity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int transition_current_scene
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] RoundTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int minute
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_chip_hovered_translation_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_fontVariationSettings
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceCaption
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Caption
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_MediumComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int m3_tabs_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_43_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int suffixTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int recent_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarFullscreenTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_out_of_range
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Dialog_Flush
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_android_insetTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_waveShape
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_80_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Panel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemIconPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int errorTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_13
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BackTitleBar_leftTitleText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialShape
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_TabLayout_Secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DynamicColors_DayNight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] State
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_display_small_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int navigationMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Cut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_thumb_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contrast
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int baseline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int packed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_body_medium_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceBodySmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerLayout_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int onPositiveCross
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomNavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedIconMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Test_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_translationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constrainedHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_top_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_chip_assist_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int title_divide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerFamilyBottomRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int headerLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MotionLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_highlighted_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_long2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int push_cat_head
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_bottom_navigation_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tickVisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_small_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_labelBehavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date_Calendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionPathRotate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_m3_chip_check
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int startIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_transitionPathRotate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int passwordToggleTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_trackColorInactive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorError
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_card_view_foreground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_shadow_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_long_2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int common_header_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_minHideDelay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int switchPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_expandedOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Hint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_Divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_helperTextTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_verticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderSelection_Fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int saturation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textInputOutlinedStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int SHOW_PATH
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int date_unit_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_grey_800
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int show_password_duration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_peekHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_fitToContents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeCloseContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int popupMenuBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerFamilyBottomLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_min_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_toolbar_default_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_drawPath
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_clock_period_pm_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_666666
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int test_mtrl_calendar_day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int emui_color_gray_7
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Motion_transitionEasing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int icon_group
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Variant_region_heightMoreThan
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int onCross
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] LinearProgressIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int gestureInsetBottomIgnored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_translationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_period_toggle_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TranslucentStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_track_side_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_corner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_medium_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int time
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int disjoint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_clock_period_am_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Icon_CenterStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int triggerId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_textfield_input_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_android_valueTo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int counterTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionEasingEmphasized
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tvCancel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabContentStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int dialog_tips_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Transform
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemFillColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_frame
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_strokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int yearSelectedStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int ensureMinTouchTargetSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int iv_clear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_dividerInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int errorEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CollapsingToolbar_Large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_body_large_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_chip_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_ActionMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int mock_labelBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Body2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialToolbar_navigationIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_tooltip_enter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionDurationMedium1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCardViewFilledStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_paddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButtonToggleGroup_checkedButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int counterEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int CardView_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_slider_range_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int overlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Body1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_BodyLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_strokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customBoolean
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_transitionPathRotate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Test_Theme_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_keyPositionType
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int TOP_END
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int barrier
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TitleBarView_head_title_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_placeholder_content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabMinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_barrierDirection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int design_fab_show_motion_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int bg_shape_choice_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ChipGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_horizontalAlign
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_FixedSize_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_transitionEasing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_188_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_expanded
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int viewColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_chip_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Year_Today
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int statusBarForeground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_backgroundTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_barrierDirection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_extendMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_537ff4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_labelColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int labelBehavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] StateSet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_yunxin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subheaderTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int scrimBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int fastscroll_default_thickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_lastHorizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_rotationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ConstraintLayout_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int accent_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_selector_title_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_fee3e6
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_start_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_maxHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_subheaderInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_overlapTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_short1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemShapeFillColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_verticalGap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Toolbar_OnSurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_visibility
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int endToStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int picker_view_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialAlertDialog_Material3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_primary_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_15
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderCancelButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipSpacingHorizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titlePositionInterpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_horizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_lastVerticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_title_large_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_motionStagger
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_ActionBar_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int anim_enter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_primary_emphasis_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemTextAppearanceInactive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_edit_frame
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconStartPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int tooltip_y_offset_touch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int tooltip_frame_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] PropertySet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_clock_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int iconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int topInsetScrimEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int contentPanel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_191_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_button_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int autoCompleteToStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_selection_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int pathMotionArc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_pure_close
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int badgeGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomAppBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_68_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_title_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipStrokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] KeyTrigger
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_selection_control_button_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int CropOverlayView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] NavigationBarView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int fastscroll_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int list_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_28_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_Dense_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipStandaloneStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_datepicker_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int CardView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_40_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_cancel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int emojiCompatEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int chip3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int circle_center
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Large_Tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int conversation_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_backgroundOverlayColorAlpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CircularProgressIndicator_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipStrokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_behavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int alphabeticModifiers
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_small_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemActiveIndicatorStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_bfbfbf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] View
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_primary_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int head_img_src
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dragRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_android_textSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_bindfaildlg_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_card_view_ripple
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_constraintSetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] BottomNavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxCharacterCount
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_stroke_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RoundFrameLayout_corner_topRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_motionTarget
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_chipSpacingHorizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int jumpToStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableStartCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int passwordToggleEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_slider_halo_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CircularProgressIndicator_Medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_transitionFlags
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int content_pop_list_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceSubtitle2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_month
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int view_normal_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int icon_group_team
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_framePosition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_rotation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int bottom_sheet_behavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int search_menu_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_date_header_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_function_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceOverline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_screen_reader_focusable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_MonthTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxBackgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_TextInputLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int bottom_choice_dialog_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_navigation_item_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_scrollInterpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorSurfaceVariant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_chip_anim_duration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int expand_activities_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_paddingRightSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_go_btn
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int stick_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_onPositiveCross
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionEasingDecelerated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int push_pure_pic_notification_f7
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Motion
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbStrokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int googleg_standard_color_18
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int design_password_eye
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Year_Selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_clock_toggle_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemHorizontalPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_clock_display
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_hovered_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_dividerInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int common_dialog_photo_choice
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_network_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tvDone
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int percentY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_firstVerticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabInlineLabel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int singleLine
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_35_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_19
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_YearNavigationButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_liftOnScrollTargetViewId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int isLightTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_chipEndPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_fc596a
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_dialog_negative
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemTextAppearanceInactive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$xml: int file_paths
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textInputOutlinedDenseStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int iconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_menu_divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_outlined_icon_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int chip2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Empty
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accelerate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int test_custom_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorTertiaryContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int brightness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_showLabel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_card_stroke_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int black
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int m3_alert_dialog_actions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int back_title_bar_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_month_navigation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_months
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int fragment_container_view_tag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int item4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Centered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_motion_easing_accelerated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlayColorAccentRed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int push_cat_body
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int list_dialog_item_rl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_rotationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DynamicColors_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_only_default_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_large_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCardViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_small_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_5
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_complete
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RangeSlider_minSeparation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CircularProgressIndicator_Medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_ElevatedButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_verticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int buttonPanel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int queryBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_translationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int nestedScrollViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int navigationViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_statusBarForeground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int triangle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int radio_button_not_selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_horizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_barrierDirection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_yearStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconCheckable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int pivotAnchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCardViewOutlinedStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_78_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_android_textAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_display_medium_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_Chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_alert_dialog_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int insetForeground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_attributeName
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_cursor_inset_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawerLayoutCornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_DisplayMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabSecondaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipEndPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_CardView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderCancelButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dividerInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_dividerColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int confirm_dialog_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMaxTextSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int corner_bottomRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Insets_paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int image
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_keyboard_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon_Tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_cursor_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnTertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int info
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int italic
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int keyboardIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int animateToEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int bottom_sheet_slide_duration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_waveOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher_round
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_min_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int suffixText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_e3e4e4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionHelper_onHide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_android_maxHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int bottomAppBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_invalid_format
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_verticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconEndPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int clockIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_Chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_motion_snapshot_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_disabled_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fabCradleVerticalOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int pressedTranslationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialTimePicker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_53c3f3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerFamilyTopRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedChip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_75_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_scaleX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipIconVisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Filter_Elevated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_rotation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int State_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Light_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_mode_bar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tooltipText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int design_snackbar_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int ghost_view_holder
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Variant_region_widthMoreThan
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_hour_text_input
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemTextAppearanceActive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$menu: int example_menu2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int view_tree_view_model_store_owner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int touch_outside
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_mime_types
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Snackbar_snackbarTextViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int horizontalOffsetWithText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_transitionPathRotate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_140_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_framePosition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CircularProgressIndicator_indicatorSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_shape_small_corner_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentScrim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_card_hovered_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_hideable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialTextAppearance_lineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_chainUseRtl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_saveFlags
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_rippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_MinWidth_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_pathMotionArc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dividerVertical
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int iv_back
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnPrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamilyTopLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_push_vmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_tab_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Material3_LabelSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int m3_appbar_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterMaxLength
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int region_widthMoreThan
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int confirm_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderCancelButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_chip_elevated_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintStart_toEndOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Toolbar_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int indicatorDirectionLinear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_DynamicColors_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int themeLineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int CardView_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintCircle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_contrast
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int startHorizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_elevated_chip_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listItemLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int closeIconStartPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int chip_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_helperTextTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_BottomRightCut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_plate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_notification
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int chip1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintGuide_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int panelBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int dialog_date_picker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_horizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RangeSlider_values
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int horizontalOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_display_small_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_is_spoof
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialDividerHeavyStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_maxElementsWrap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customStringValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomSheet_Modal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_background_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIndicatorAnimationMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Placeholder
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_small_label_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int constraintSet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomNavigationView_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hoveredFocusedTranslationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_hideMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedTitleGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_android_insetBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_cardElevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_exitFadeDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titlePositionInterpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Test_ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int custom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dayStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_150_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_liftOnScroll
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textEndPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipSpacingVertical
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_goneMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int snackbarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int purple_500
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnErrorContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_58_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_HeadlineMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int linear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_horizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_skipCollapsed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int customPanel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int conversation_activity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int mock_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int title_bar_head_img
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int action_bar_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_hour_selection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSizeBottomLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int mtrl_fast_out_slow_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_Switch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int material_motion_duration_medium_1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_barrierAllowsGoneWidgets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_crossfade
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_timepicker_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_state_dragged
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamilyBottomRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Suffix
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int clockNumberTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MotionTelltales
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_lineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int clickAction
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_fab_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thumbColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentPaddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_grey_600
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_onTouchUp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_rotationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_borderWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int topPanel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_8
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_constraintSetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Snackbar_TextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_21
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_NoActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ActionMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderSelection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textInputFilledDenseStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thumbTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_333333
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_header_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Slider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_scaleX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_defaultView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int selectorSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_disabled_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int extraMultilineHeightEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CardView_Outlined
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ShapeableImageView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintCircleAngle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_checkedIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int tooltip_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int commitIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int password_toggle_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] BackTitleBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_MonthTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionProgress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int decelerate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialClockStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RoundPoint_viewColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int head_title_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_calendar_item_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_strokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableLeftCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TonalButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadline4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_insetBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_transitionEasing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int fragment_close_exit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SignInButton_buttonSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int fragment_fade_enter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxStrokeWidthFocused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int character_counter_overflowed_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialAutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintLeft_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_editor_absoluteY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_android_maxHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int waveOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialTimePicker_keyboardIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_background_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_card_dragged_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_text_button_background_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon_Secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_barrierDirection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int startToEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontFamily
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int def_drawer_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int alert_dialog_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_PrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int spanCount
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_LabelSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_duration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_wavePeriod
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Body_Text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int item_view_role_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_space_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int deltaRelative
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemStrokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_NavigationRailView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_motionProgress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_triggerId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int m3_card_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_prefixText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Window_Fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialRadioButton_buttonTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int duration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int withinBounds
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_btn_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int shrinkMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_tint_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int helperText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_maxElementsWrap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_bigview_defaultView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableItem_android_drawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int fade
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_btn_anim_duration_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_pivotAnchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_translationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int blocking
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int minHideDelay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int add_friend
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_secondary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_24_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_mute_iv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnTertiaryContainer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_firstVerticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialTimePickerTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int emui_color_gray_10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Slider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int toolbarId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AppBarLayout_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_layoutDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_padding_right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintAnimationEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_97_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_default_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int none
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TestStyleWithoutLineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnSurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_time_fl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomNavigationView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int pin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintTag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TitleBarView_head_img_src
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_display_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_HeaderConfirmButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int spline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int helperTextTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialShape_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_ListPopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Tab
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorAnimationDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int character_counter_pattern
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_NoActionBar_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_button_ripple_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int indicatorSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_label_medium_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_transitionPathRotate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_slider_active_track_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AppBarLayout_PrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButtonToggleGroup_selectionRequired
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_keyline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_android_insetRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int suffixTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int push_expandable_big_image_notification
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_period_toggle_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_clockface_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_toolbar_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerFamilyBottomLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_fitToContents
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Material3_LabelLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemMaxLines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_firstVerticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int home
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_cancel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_waveShape
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_TabLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int cos
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_push_google
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int framePosition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int cardview_shadow_start_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundInsetTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int daySelectedStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabInlineLabel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area_stub
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int shapeAppearanceSmallComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RadialViewGroup_materialCircleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_primary_text_disable_only
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_verticalAlign
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int delete_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_verticalAlign
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxStrokeWidthFocused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_badge_horizontal_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int circle_shape
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintCircle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_SubmenuArrow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_clock_period_toggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView_Compact
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_chip_input_combo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceHeadlineSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_horizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Animation_Design_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_strokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_accelerated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ChipGroup_chipSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off_mtrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int splitTrack
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dragDirection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int design_menu_item_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_timepicker_button_stroke
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Design
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int character_counter_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Variant_region_heightLessThan
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int placeholderTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int TOP_START
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_slider_halo_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_translationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationRailView_menuGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int lastBaselineToBottomHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_50_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int navigationIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int telltales_tailColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tooltipFrameBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_icon_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_waveOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_rotation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_checkedIconMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorSurfaceInverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ClockHandView_materialCircleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int endIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_ExtendedFloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendarItem_itemTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_with_text_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_appbar_overlay_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int add
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableEndCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedTitleMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar_PrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_enterFadeDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int EmptyTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_header
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TabLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_DayNight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int animateToStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_rotationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_choice_chip_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CollapsingToolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionStagger
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip_Entry
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int jumpToEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_6
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialDisplayDividerStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintCircleRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_enabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int switchStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int sin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Subtitle2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_PopupMenu_ListPopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_chip_surface_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CardView_Elevated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_motionInterpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_label_small_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_shape_small_corner_family
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceLabelLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_IconButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layoutDuringTransition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int year
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_saveFlags
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableBottomCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_editor_absoluteX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_emphasis_disabled_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_CollapsingToolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_grey_300
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_subheaderInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_showDiagonals
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int compress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int indicatorDirectionCircular
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_ContextMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipGroupStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomNavigationView_PrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_showMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_navigation_bar_item_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int text_view_with_theme_line_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_size_compact
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_17
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int verticalOffsetWithText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_small_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_34_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_contentPaddingBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_Dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int iconEndPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintTop_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int fill
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_switch_track_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_MinWidth_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorOnError
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int statusBarScrim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int sliderStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_touchRegionId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_title_large_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int touchRegionId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int lStar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIndicatorHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_transitionEasing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int targetId
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_42_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemMinHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_android_ellipsize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_31
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int text_size_13
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_timepicker_textinput_display
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int badgeWidePadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_Divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_android_textColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionEasingAccelerated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_face_margin_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_textinput_timepicker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_textinput_caption_translate_y
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_timepicker_select_time
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_horizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_autoShrink
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int numericModifiers
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int common_confirm_dialog_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int strokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_ededef
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int activity_endisable_service
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerSizeTopRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textStartPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_maxImageSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintTop_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Icon_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_statusBarScrim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_DarkActionBar_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_mid_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimAnimationDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomSheet_Modal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int ignoreRequest
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Fragment
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int text_input_start_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_insetLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_translationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int text_size_12
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_maxLines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_motion_easing_standard
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ActionBar_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int textinput_suffix_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_divider_heavy_thickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V26_Theme_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int AndroidThemeColorAccentYellow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dividerPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_tooltip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int passwordToggleTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_android_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_applyMotionScene
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintWidth_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ContactAvatarView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_message_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCollapsedPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int ttcIndex
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_inset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_bindfaildlg_message
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_android_indeterminate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int fl_iv_avatar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_timepicker_hour
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_BarSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_range_header_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_verticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dragLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemShapeInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemPaddingBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_MaterialComponents_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipMinHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subheaderInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dpv_minute
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_chip_disabled_translation_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarMonth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_card_anim_delay_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_f5f8fc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_20_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int m3_popupmenu_background_overlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_textfield_filled_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int queryPatterns
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int CropProgressBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_popupmenu_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int cancel_stick_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int listMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_BottomSheet_Modal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_percentX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_e9749d
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_translationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BackTitleBar_rightTitleText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceTitleMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorAnimationMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int alertTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Year
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dynamicColorThemeOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_card_elevated_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customColorDrawableValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_item_icon_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_keyboardNavigationCluster
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialRadioButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int attributeName
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Clock
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_firstHorizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceDisplayLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_edittext_rectangle_top_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TitleBarView_head_img_visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int tooltip_vertical_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Motion_pathMotionArc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int transitionDisable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int off
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_assist_chip_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_labelVisibilityMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_confirm
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_007aff
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_barrierMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_bar_root
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int paddingTopSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int app_name
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_wrapMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_android_layout_marginLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DialogWhenLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCornerRadiusTopEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_capital_on
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionDurationLong2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_dialog_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_ripple_hovered_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemRippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TestStyleWithThemeLineHeightAttribute
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dialogCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int pop_item_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionDurationLong1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_prefixTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int avatarTextSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_search_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int design_fab_hide_motion_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_small_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_label_medium_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_chip_corner_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_fe7081
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_layout_gravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] BaseProgressIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int prefixText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_showAnimationBehavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int textinput_placeholder
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int subheaderInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Prefix
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CardView_android_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_android_translationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Dark_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int trackCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_UnelevatedButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_constraint_referenced_ids
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_notification_icon2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int easeOut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_m3_chip_close
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_horizontalGap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int default_avatar_bg_5
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TabLayout_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_firstHorizontalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int chip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int save_overlay_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int p2p_view_holder_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_subheaderColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableBottomCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_notification_icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeStepGranularity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customIntegerValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_limitBoundsTo
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customFloatValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_yearSelectedStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_title_large_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_saturation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_22_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_shrinkMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_scaleX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_hoveredFocusedTranslationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_CollapsingToolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_verticalAlign
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_android_checkable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ClearableEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintDimensionRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_peekHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Animation_MaterialComponents_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customFloatValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_label_square_side
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_btn_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Badge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int constraints
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceDisplaySmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu_item
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionTextColorAlpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int glide_custom_view_target_tag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int outward
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ClockHandView_selectorSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_display_small_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_android_maxWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialCalendarItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_diagonalsColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyCycle_motionProgress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int moveWhenScrollAtTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int checkbox_themeable_attribute_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_5_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int activity_browse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_timepicker_window_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_tooltipFrameBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorScheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_shapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_motion_easing_emphasized
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_state_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day_Invalid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_switch_thumb_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_display_medium_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int floating
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_navigation_item_icon_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Snackbar_Message
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int curveFit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_primary_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_pressedTranslationZ
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_suffixText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_percentY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintVertical_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int view_offset_helper
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Variant_region_widthLessThan
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int transitionPathRotate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_enterFadeDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_only_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_header
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Year_Selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RoundFrameLayout_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_framePosition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int fab_transformation_scrim_behavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Snackbar_snackbarButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_view_visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipStartPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_header_selection_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int showAnimationBehavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintWidth_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialTimePickerTitleStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_48_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_fontVariationSettings
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Tooltip_android_layout_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cornerSizeBottomRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int clockwise
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int design_appbar_state_list_animator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_Display_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TabLayout_Secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_92_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_backgroundColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_ic_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_hour_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cardUseCompatPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_translationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemFillColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_corner_radius_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_29
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_android_windowFullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int counterclockwise
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_alphabeticModifiers
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int behavior_draggable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int push_expandable_big_text_notification
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int theme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_save
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Snackbar_snackbarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_grey_900
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_btn_anim_delay_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_long1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition_android_drawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_calendar_selected_range
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textLocale
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_percentHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_RadioButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int teal_200
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tabMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintVertical_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_clock_display_divider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_9_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxStrokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintGuide_begin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int percentHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int controlBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_NoActionBar_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hintAnimationEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Material3_DayNight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_chip_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_push_channel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_iconStartPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] TextInputLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_FixedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_card_foreground_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_surface_emphasis_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thumbStrokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_FixedSize_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialog_backgroundInsetBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchMaterial_useMaterialThemeColors
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_large_fab_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Toolbar_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_translationX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int edit_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int region_heightMoreThan
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_avatar_fl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constrainedHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemShapeInsetBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int month
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int labeled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_tertiary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabAlignmentMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIndicatorAnimationDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int alert_dialog_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_ref_typeface_brand_display_regular
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int notification_action
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialTimePicker_clockIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabIndicatorColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintGuide_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ContactAvatarView_avatarTextSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int notification_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_fab_min_touch_target
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_transformPivotX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int prefixTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_accessibility_actions
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_startIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialTimePicker_ImageButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedIconEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int passwordToggleDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_AppBarLayout_Primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int SHOW_PROGRESS
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MockView_mock_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int tooltip_background_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_YAY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TonalButton_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_Dense_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialTextAppearance_android_lineHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int gone
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorFullWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_lStar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabCustomSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentPaddingBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_secondary_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorIconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_NavigationRailView_Colored_Compact
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int title_transfer
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Motion_drawPath
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_OutlinedBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int appBarLayoutStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_tooltipText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int counterTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_drawerLayoutCornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int src_atop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int trackTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Display_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Platform_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorSecondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int staggered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ThemeEnforcement_enforceMaterialTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int month_navigation_fragment_toggle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dragUp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int placeholderText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int autoCompleteToEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_action_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int avd_show_password
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Capability_shortcutMatchRequired
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_transformPivotY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_on_apply_window_listener
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int endIconDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int motionEasingStandard
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_firstBaselineToTopHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_chip_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int clearable_edit_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int elevationOverlayEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_timepicker_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int up
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_timepicker_pm
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_title_small_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialAlertDialog_Picker_Date_Header_Text_Day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_filled_background_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int purple_700
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialAlertDialogTheme_materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_icon_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error100
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_39_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxStrokeColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dpv_month
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_goneMarginRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int middle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_tickVisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_curveFit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] TitleBarView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_constraint_referenced_ids
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int badgeWithTextRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearProgressIndicator_indicatorDirectionLinear
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_inset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chainUseRtl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_large_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_cascading_menu_item_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_helperTextEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_61_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_wrapMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_icon_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_scaleY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_card_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_listener
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemVerticalPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHorizontal_bias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Motion_motionStagger
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomAppBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Tooltip_backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_filled_icon_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int path_password_eye
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int iconPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Fragment_android_tag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_lastVerticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int clock_face_margin_start
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int material_radial_view_group
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_body_medium_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_disabled_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int hideAnimationBehavior
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$menu: int example_menu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSizeBottomRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_clock_hand_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_card_anim_duration_ms
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_action
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_framePosition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_star_medium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_cancel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int bottomSheetStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabPaddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] NavigationRailView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_BodyMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_motionTarget
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_LargeComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int material_ic_calendar_black_24dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int honorRequest
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_NoActionBar_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int default_avatar_bg_2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCardView_android_checkable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_active_item_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button_TextButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_strokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_MaterialComponents_Test
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ImageFilterView_altSrc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHeight_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int region_widthLessThan
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_elevation_level5
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int navigationRailStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int guideline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int passwordToggleContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_Material3_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabCradleVerticalOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Material3_TitleSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int icon_advanced_team
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_translation_z_hovered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int labelVisibilityMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_shapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int isMaterialTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_cursor_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int tabBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialDivider_dividerInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_separator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int prefixTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Badge_maxCharacterCount
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_TabLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_extended_fab_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int NO_DEBUG
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceLabelMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_showMotionSpec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_active_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int sure_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int easeIn
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialToolbar_titleCentered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemPaddingBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] StateListDrawableItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_ImageButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_notification_date
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemShapeInsetTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int iv_action
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert_Framework
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_window_insets_animation_callback
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_bar_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_primary_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_transformPivotY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int enable_service_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int haloColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] RoundFrameLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_android_value
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialTextView_android_textAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Button_TonalButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_Toolbar_Surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_large_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintHeight_max
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int snackbarButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_transitionEasing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Chip_Action
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorPrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTrigger_onCross
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int boxCollapsedPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_timepicker_am
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Test_Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_BodySmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_itemPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyAttribute_android_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int deltaPolarRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] BottomAppBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_height_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabRippleColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemShapeFillColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_114_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customColorValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Panel_CenterStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_badge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_TitleMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_alert_dialog_corner_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int constraint_referenced_ids
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_TabLayout_OnSurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_marginHorizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int line3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_999999
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transform_android_scaleY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Design_ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int arcMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_layout_marginBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int indeterminateAnimationType
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_text_notification_area
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_year_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_draggable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorLink
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_deriveConstraintsFrom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int ringWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int fast_out_slow_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_big_bigtext_defaultView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleCentered
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_8f8f8f
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarView_backgroundTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_indicatorColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_ImageButton_ShapeAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_Headline2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceBodyMedium
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_dedede
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_wrapMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CompoundButton_Switch
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Transition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_primary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_7
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabContentStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int error_over_time
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_constantSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_snackbar_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_optimizationLevel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_BottomSheet
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int iconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnSwipe_nestedScrollFlags
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_minWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TitleBarView_right_img_second_src
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_constantSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_light_primary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int errorIconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintBottom_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_DarkActionBar_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_foregroundInsidePadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearance_Material3_MediumComponent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int ivBack
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_m3_chip_checked_circle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int contiguous
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int elastic
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_c4c4c4
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_tabs_icon_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int circularProgressIndicatorStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_toolbar_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_motionStagger
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_Material3_Light_BottomSheetDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int applyMotionScene
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Dialog_FixedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_barrierMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_chip_anim_duration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_boxCornerRadiusTopStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceBody2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_iconEndPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int isMaterial3Theme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorAccent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int navigation_bar_item_large_label_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_MaterialComponents_TimePicker_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_secondary40
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Variant_constraints
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_year
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customDimension
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonIconDimen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_CircularProgressIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_accessibility_clickable_spans
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintTop_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TabLayout_PrimarySurface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_android_scaleX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int snackbar_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int closeIconEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int onNegativeCross
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int mtrl_anchor_parent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int push_pure_bigview_banner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_ExtendedFloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_be65d9
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_paddingRightSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_filled_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_large_fab_max_image_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int contentPaddingTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearanceTitleSmall
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_card_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_body_top_layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int circleCrop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constrainedWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int homeLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int ImageView_image
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int coordinator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int labelStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintWidth_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_goneMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_endIconTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_item_vertical_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_tintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_confirm
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_constraint_referenced_ids
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int PropertySet_motionProgress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customColorDrawableValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int selection_type
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_day_corner
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int marginHorizontal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int rightTitleText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_46_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] RadialViewGroup
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_lastHorizontalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int telltales_tailScale
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomAppBar_fabAnimationMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int action_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int color_black
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputEditText_FilledBox_Dense
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_1
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeableImageView_contentPaddingEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Motion_motionPathRotate
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int text2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TextInputLayout_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int backgroundInsetBottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_layout_snackbar_include
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int fcm_fallback_notification_channel_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ExtendedFloatingActionButton_collapsedSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_dayStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int closeIconEndPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day_Selected
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_dayTodayStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int tooltip_background_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int drawableTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_NavigationRailView_ActiveIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int textinput_counter
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Day_Today
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int paddingRightSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int errorContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCalendar_dayInvalidStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_hint_foreground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int m3_sys_typescale_title_large_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialCheckBox_buttonTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_headline_medium_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V28_Theme_AppCompat_Light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BaseProgressIndicator_showDelay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Shortcut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int item3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int design_bottom_sheet_dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int avatar_view
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_design_checkbox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_flow_lastVerticalStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error95
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_flow_verticalGap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_FloatingActionButton_Secondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_textfield_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintWidth_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_timepicker_confirm
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] CheckedTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintHeight_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintHeight_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Layout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int dpv_hour
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int iv_avatar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_motionProgress
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral90
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_star_half_black_48dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int OnClick_clickAction
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_FilledBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_PopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_thumbColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cardCornerRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Transition_layoutDuringTransition
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: int m3_sys_typescale_display_large_text_all_caps
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int view_select_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int default_dimension
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_horizontalGap
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_skipCollapsed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_dark_default_color_error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintGuide_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_MaterialComponents_DayNight_DarkActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_autoSizeMinTextSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_TextInputEditText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSecondary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_body_large_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_slider_active_tick_marks_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_chip_dragged_translation_z
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_TimePicker
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_days_of_week
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorContentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int visibilityMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] ClockFaceView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int shortcutMatchRequired
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_error0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ShapeAppearanceOverlay
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: int btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int editTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int parentRelative
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Constraint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int test_navigation_bar_item_min_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_scaleY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ClearableEditText_android_lines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_FloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintCircle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int elevationOverlayColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int create_group_team
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int pop_text_margin_left
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3_MaterialAlertDialog
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tag_accessibility_pane_title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_96_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_placeholderTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_numericModifiers
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_badge_text_size
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintRight_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int thumbStrokeWidth
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_pathMotionArc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int adjust_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_barrierMargin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableTopCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary30
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_btn_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CheckedTextView_checkMarkCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_70_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_V14_Theme_MaterialComponents_Light_Bridge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: int mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_Chip_Input_Elevated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_slider_range_end
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Layout_layout_constraintBaseline_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat_android_exitFadeDuration
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_motion_easing_decelerated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_Material3
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int StateListDrawable_android_visible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_tertiary99
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_transitionEasing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int trackThickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintHeight_percent
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_optimizationLevel
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MaterialButton_iconGravity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_android_minHeight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_24
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationView_subheaderTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int navigation_header_container
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int startIconDrawable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_android_checkable
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] MaterialToolbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconTint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_search_hint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Body_Text_CenterStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int screen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dark_ActionBar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleMargins
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_lifted
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ShapeAppearance_cornerSizeTopRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int test_chip_zero_corner_radius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] Insets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_primary50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_Button_TextButton_Dialog_Icon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int chipIcon
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Picker_Date_Calendar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RoundFrameLayout_corner_bottomRadius
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Slider_tickColorInactive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int cardElevation
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral50
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int hms_apk_not_installed_hints
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Theme_MaterialComponents_CompactMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_content_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int mtrl_badge_max_character_count
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_btn_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int error_default
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int material_minute_tv
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_short2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int test_checkbox_android_button_tint
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int dragThreshold
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyTimeCycle_android_rotationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_AutoCompleteTextView_OutlinedBox
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int NavigationBarActiveIndicator_android_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_dynamic_neutral_variant10
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_62_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterEnabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleCollapseMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_Material3_Title_Text_CenterStacked
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int itemPadding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_goneMarginRight
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_CardView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_rotationY
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_end_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_HeaderTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int[] RangeSlider
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int trackColorActive
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_8_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_layout_snackbar
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintSet_layout_constraintStart_toStartOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MotionLayout_showPaths
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_drawableRightCompat
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int design_fab_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int transition_layout_save
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkedIconVisible
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintTag
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int icon_add_friend
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int editTextBackground
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: int m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int m3_sys_typescale_title_medium_letter_spacing
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int design_default_color_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int material_textinput_max_width
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_Material3_ExtendedFloatingActionButton
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int font
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_MaterialComponents_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int postLayout
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_disabled
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_chip_text_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int forever
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int mtrl_btn_text_color_selector
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int titleText
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_animationMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int transition_transform
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_suffixTextColor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_Day_Invalid
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int StateSet_defaultState
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Material3_HeadlineLarge
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_flow_wrapMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_dropdown_arrow
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int customIntegerValue
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int msg_type_tip
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_android_layout_marginEnd
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int KeyPosition_pathMotionArc
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int checkMarkTintMode
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int CustomAttribute_customBoolean
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_26_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_anchor
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: int mtrl_fast_out_linear_in
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size_2line
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int conversation_line
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int ic_list_empty
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_22
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ConstraintLayout_Layout_layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int material_minute_selection
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_MaterialComponents_MaterialCalendar_Day
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_MaterialCalendar_DayTextView
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: int mtrl_calendar_months
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int flow_lastVerticalBias
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Constraint_layout_constraintRight_creator
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tvTitle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_timepicker_display_stroke_color
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int material_on_background_emphasis_high_type
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: int abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Widget_Material3_TextInputLayout_FilledBox_Dense_ExposedDropdownMenu
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int Base_MaterialAlertDialog_MaterialComponents_Title_Text
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextAppearance
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: int mtrl_dialog_background
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Insets_paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int search_voice_btn
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: int accent_material_dark
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int Chip_closeIconSize
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int dimen_32_dp
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: int layout_scrollEffect
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: int tv_dialog_content
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Error
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: int MenuItem_contentDescription
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: int mtrl_progress_track_thickness
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView: ConversationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$bool: R$bool()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: com.netease.yunxin.kit.common.ui.widgets.TitleBarView getTitleBar()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.ConversationActivity: ConversationActivity()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$menu: R$menu()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$anim: R$anim()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$xml: R$xml()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView: ConversationView(android.content.Context)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.viewmodel.SelectorViewModel: SelectorViewModel()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$color: R$color()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: android.widget.LinearLayout getTopLayout()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView: void setItemClickListener(com.netease.yunxin.kit.common.ui.viewholder.ViewHolderClickListener)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: ConversationLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView: void setViewHolderFactory(com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.IConversationFactory)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: ConversationLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.ConversationSelectActivity: ConversationSelectActivity()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView: void setComparator(java.util.Comparator)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$layout: R$layout()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$interpolator: R$interpolator()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView: void setData(java.util.List)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView: void setLoadMoreListener(com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.interfaces.ILoadListener)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$string: R$string()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: android.widget.FrameLayout getBodyTopLayout()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView getConversationView()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.ConversationFragment: ConversationFragment()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R: R()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$id: R$id()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$integer: R$integer()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$mipmap: R$mipmap()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: android.widget.LinearLayout getBodyLayout()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: android.widget.TextView getErrorTextView()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: android.widget.FrameLayout getBottomLayout()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$style: R$style()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$animator: R$animator()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$attr: R$attr()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: ConversationLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationLayout: ConversationLayout(android.content.Context)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.R$plurals: R$plurals()
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.view.ConversationView: ConversationView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.netease.yunxin.kit.conversationkit.ui.page.viewmodel.ConversationViewModel: ConversationViewModel()
